README.md, before:

# <p align="center">👋 Hi, I’m @DontEatRice</p>
- 👨‍🎓 I’m a computer science student in Warsaw, Poland
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Spring (Java) and TypeScript
- 📫 You can reach me via email: *jakub.sikorski0211@gmail.com*
## 🖼 My projects
They are not perfect, because I'm still learning a lot of new things, but I decided to keep them to keep track of my progress.

📝NOTE: Look at the dates!
- [AVL Array](https://github.com/DontEatRice/AVL-Array/)
  - Based on AVL Tree ([more about AVL Trees](https://www.programiz.com/dsa/avl-tree))
  - Basic operations like search, add, delete have better complexity (logN) then standad lists or arrays.
  - Biggest problem during implementation: moving and managing indexes, here the element's index is his position in the tree where 0 is the first element returned by inOrder walk-through algorithm.
- [RGB color picker](https://github.com/DontEatRice/RGB-color-picker)
  - GUI made using Java swing.
  - Change colors using sliders.
- [Spotify albums/singles/artists images downloader](https://github.com/DontEatRice/Cover_image_dowload_Spotify)
  - Written in Node using Express.
  - Spotify theme!
- [Tracking number of players online in World Of Tanks](https://github.com/DontEatRice/Server-Stats-WOT)
  - MongoDB
  - Storing and grouping data.
<!---
DontEatRice/DontEatRice is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Game of life description added

README.md, after:

# <p align="center">👋 Hi, I’m @DontEatRice</p>
- 👨‍🎓 I’m a computer science student in Warsaw, Poland
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Spring (Java), .NET (C#) and TypeScript
- 📫 You can reach me via email: *jakub.sikorski0211@gmail.com*
## 🖼 My projects
They are not perfect, because I'm still learning a lot of new things, but I decided to keep them to keep track of my progress.

📝NOTE: Look at the dates!
- [Game of Life]([https://donteatrice.github.io/Game_of_Life/](https://github.com/DontEatRice/Game_of_Life))
  - Popular algorithm implemented with infinite board.
  - Written in Typescript.
  - Hosted on Github Pages. [Check it out here](https://donteatrice.github.io/Game_of_Life/)
- [AVL Array](https://github.com/DontEatRice/AVL-Array/)
  - Based on AVL Tree ([more about AVL Trees](https://www.programiz.com/dsa/avl-tree))
  - Basic operations like search, add, delete have better complexity (logN) then standad lists or arrays.
  - Biggest problem during implementation: moving and managing indexes, here the element's index is his position in the tree where 0 is the first element returned by inOrder walk-through algorithm.
- [RGB color picker](https://github.com/DontEatRice/RGB-color-picker)
  - GUI made using Java swing.
  - Change colors using sliders.
- [Spotify albums/singles/artists images downloader](https://github.com/DontEatRice/Cover_image_dowload_Spotify)
  - Written in Node using Express.
  - Spotify theme!
- [Tracking number of players online in World Of Tanks](https://github.com/DontEatRice/Server-Stats-WOT)
  - MongoDB
  - Storing and grouping data.
<!---
DontEatRice/DontEatRice is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
